Aftershock: New droneswarm foes + new simple monster AI behavior (#48740)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/MONSTERS.md

| `armor_fire`             | (integer) Monster's protection from fire damage
| `vision_day`             | (integer) Vision range in full daylight, with `50` being the typical maximum
| `vision_night`           | (integer) Vision range in total darkness, ex. coyote `5`, bear `10`, sewer rat `30`, flaming eye `40`

> | `tracking_distance`      | (integer) Amount of tiles the monster will keep between itself and its current tracked enemy-follow leader. Defaults to `8`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tracking_distance`      | (integer) Amount of tiles the monster will keep between itself and its current tracked enemy or leader followed. Defaults to `8`.
```
